person: hi
wade: 
wade: Morning!
wade: I'm here to be your personal career sidekick
wade: I'll use our conversations to find you new career opportunities, point you to mentors in your network, and generally be your confidant
wade: Ready to answer some questions I have for you?
person: Yes I would
person: yes
person: yes
wade: 
wade: Morning!
wade: I'm here to be your personal career sidekick
wade: I'll use our conversations to find you new career opportunities, point you to mentors in your network, and generally be your confidant
wade: Ready to answer some questions I have for you?
person: yes
wade: Great!
wade: I'd love to learn about you.
wade: What are you up to these days?
person: I recently joined Wade &amp; Wendy as a developer working on conversational AI.
wade: OK
wade: Let me put my recruiter hat on and go through your resume with you
wade: To jump right in, are you still at Wade &amp; Wendy or have you left?
person: I am still at Wade &amp; Wendy.
wade: Understood. Are you looking for new opportunities?
person: Yes
wade: What's your role like there?
wade: Where were you before Wade &amp; Wendy?
wade: What did you do there?
wade: What kind of role are you most interested in right this second?
wade: I don't necessarily mean a title
wade: But more what sounds most inspiring
wade: What's the number one skill you have that's carried you farthest in your career?
wade: Moved you forward in the biggest way...
wade: What are you looking to gain from your next role?
wade: Where would your ideal job be located?
wade: Would you be willing to move or work remotely?
wade: Paint me the picutre of your ideal job
wade: What do you want to have to do day to day??
wade: If I were to present you with two opportunities--
wade: one at a seed-funded startup and another at an established Series B company that you've heard of or whose product you've used.
wade: Which of the two would you ask me to present you to?
wade: I'm gonna keep checking back and asking you questions like this
wade: I might even shoot over role descriptions that I'll have you up/down vote...
wade: Your answers will help me to get a better handle on what you're aiming for
wade: Sound good?
wade: Is there anything you'd like me to help you with right now?
person: fun
wade: pretty sure I timed out...
wade: Not great at the moment at picking up where I left off when I’ve been ignored for so long...
wade: just sayin
person: ok whatev
person: waddddddddddddde
wade: Oui?
wade: Darn – that slash command didn't work. If you see this message more than once we suggest you contact <@U1EQ7HXFC>&gt;.
wade: Still not working
