wendy: Based on our conversation on what you're looking for in a candidate and the description of the role. I have a relevant candidate that I think you'd be interested in looking at for the role of Product Strategist!
Serko Artinian (http:confused:/bit.ly/1N9O985)
wendy: Based on our conversation on what you're looking for in a candidate and the job decription, I've found a match that I think you'd be interested in looking at for the role of Product Strategist!
wendy: Serko Artinian (http:confused:/bit.ly/1N9O985)
wendy: Here's some relevant points I've gathered as to why I think Serko is a great fit for you. 
wendy: He has a lot of client facing experience with strong communication skills and leadership qualities that keeps the team engaged and moving forward. 
wendy: Most recently a Product Manager for the Mobile Team at MakerBot with past experiences as a producer, director, and editor in Motion Pictures (film) and Photography. 
wendy: Serko enjoys telling stories and has a strong passion for technology.
wendy: Established as a thought leader in the technolgy scene here in New York as Founder of the NYC Apps Meetup (http:confused:/www.meetup.com/nycapps/) a community with over 3,400 memebrs. 
wendy: Relies on and has a great grasp of agile development. 
Understands it's benfits as a lean methodolgy by which clear and consice objectives helps a team increase efficiency, productitvity, and quality. 
Has no problem taking on mutltiple hats to get the job done.
wendy: Can critique and give design direction, develop wireframes, and has exceptional organizational rigur when approaching projects.  
wendy:  Serko Artinian (http:confused:/bit.ly/1N9O985)
Here's some relevant points I've gathered as to why I think Serko is a great fit for you.  Most recently a Product Manager for the Mobile Team at MakerBot with past experiences as a producer, director, and editor in Motion Pictures (film) and Photography. 
Serko enjoys telling stories and has a strong passion for technology.
Established as a thought leader in the technolgy scene here in New York as Founder of the NYC Apps Meetup (http:confused:/www.meetup.com/nycapps/) a community with over 3,400 memebrs. 
Relies on, and has a great grasp of agile development. 
Understands it's benfits as a lean methodolgy with clear and consice objectives that helps a team increase efficiency, productitvity, and quality. 
Has no problem wearing mutltiple hats to get the job done. Can critique and give design direction, develop wireframes, and has exceptional organizational rigur when approaching projects. 
wendy: Wade was able to learn from Ellen her current salary, the salary range she is interviewing at, do you have a moment form to share this with you?is $110,000 plus $30,000 bonus each year. I would like my future salary to be around $160,000 without bonus.
wendy: Ellen's current salary is $110,000 plus $30,000 bonus each year. She is currently interviewing in the range of $150,000 - $160,000 without bonus. 
wendy: 
wendy: Wade as a service!
wendy: yo
wendy: Is this working?
wendy: Hi Adrian! Pleasure chatting with you today. Is now still a good time?
