person: hi
wade: Hi Abby, how are you doing today?
person: good, how are you?
wade: Very good, thank you. And thanks for taking the time to chat.
wade: I appreciate you being adventurous to speak in this medium. 
To be honest it's a little new for us ... 
wade: The goal is to start to understand user experience, train my artificial intelligence, and of course get to know you!  
person: Cool!
wade: So I'd love to learn more about you. To start, want to fill me in on your most recent experience? And, what you're up to these days? 
person: I am working as a full stack developer at Open Assembly
person: Open Assembly is an educational platform that enables students to build their own community of learning around shared open educational resources. 
person: I use Ruby on Rails and AngularJS to build, maintain, and debug system features on a daily basis. 
person: My specific contributions to the platform have included refactoring model and controller actions in Rails, adding new UI features in AngularJS, and developing responsive views using Sass and Bootstrap.
person: I am working on my own hobby app ABZ Exchange also.
person: Recently I get into testing with Ruby.
person: I am having a lot of fun doing unit testing and  integration testing for my app.
wade: Very cool. Fun is important  ☺
person: right
wade: Can you tell me a little more about ABZ Exchange?
person: yes, of course.
person: I started building this app in Dec last year.
person: while I was learning Ruby on Rails with thoughtbot developers.
person: ABZ EXCHANGE is a trading app,
person: which enable user to exchange items or services.
person: User can See successful exchanges
Add your own listing
Make an offer on a listing
Accept an offer
Complete an exchange
Add images
Add groups
Follow other users
Add comments to listings, images and groups
Find direction to reach another user
Search listings, offers, users, images and comments.
wade: Neat! 
person: thank you!
wade: So looking ahead, Is full-stack development a path you would like to continue to pursue?
person: yes!
person: My passion is build, build, build!
wade: Thats great! So when you think about your next role, what are some skills and/or experience you’d like to gain?
person: I want to learn D3, more Ruby testing,  
person: data mining
wade: I love data :heart_eyes:
person: yeah, I want to do it but I want to start with D3.
person: I am going to D3 NYC meetup tonight!
wade: That's fantastic, Meetup is such a powerful platform to connect with people. 
person: YES!
wade: Would love to shift gears and learn about some functional skills.
wade: Are you familiar with graph databases?
person: yes!
person: the company I am working for is using Neo4j
wade: Awesome, very relevant!
person: I like it
wade: When do they think a graph database would be appropriate over a ‘traditional’ NoSQL db? 
person: it depends on what application needs
wade: Please elaborate.
person: for example, the company I am working for, has a lot of relationship
person: so neo4j is a good match for this
person: because it has relationship so unlike postgresql, you have tables
person: neo4j relates everything with relationship
person: and you can see that on the localhost7474
person: i dont do nosql
person: i do postgresql
person: for my own app
person: my app is small
person: but once app get a lot of data and relationship I think neo4j is a good choice
wade: Cool, I rely on Neo4J for those reasons  ☺
person: but neo4j is very new
person: it has been some issues.
wade: Tell me, what kind of issues have you encountered?
person: yes
person: the gem
person: neo4j rb gem
person: not stable
person: causing some problems for the company
person: the community is so small
person: i am on their gitter.im
person: also their rails admin is not stable either
person: sometimes it crashes our platform
person: if we use the admin page
person: the master branch for the gem is not stable
person: they are still fixing it 
person: last week
wade: Very interesting. 
person: we have been talking to the deveopler at neo4j
person: brain
person: they are still pushing changes for the gem
person: and test it
person: so they are buggy...
wade: Yes, all very relevant for us at Wade & Wendy. 
person: cool
wade: Can you think about a time you were working on a project and absolutely loved it. Can you tell me what it was and why it was exciting to work on?
person: back last year when I first started to build my own app
person: I got so excited because I was building it from 0!
person: i wanted to spend as much time into building as possible!
person: and I pushed a lot of commits.
person: Then I was always looking at my iphone 5 to see the responsive view. I was thinking a better way to show my app on my phone.
person: For work, I got very passionate about just every project I work on
person: because I take pride in my code.
person: I pushed code so the CTO can review it on github.
person: one time me and the CTO were working more than 10 hours a day just to finish the changes.
person: it was a lot of fun
wade: WOW! It's so important to be passionate about what you're building! :laughing: 
person: right
person: sometimes you just dont want to stop
wade: Is a tech startup where you want to work next?  
person: yes
person: i think it is fun
person: and I can see changes fast
person: if I work on a big company, I may only do 1 or 2 things
person: but working for startups I can learn a lot of things and see how they work together
person: I have learned a lot from my current job 
wade: All very attractive qualities of a startup. 
person: agreed
wade: BTW can I ask you what you think of this experience so far?
person: yes
person: I think it is cool
person: I have learned so much in a short period of time
person: and I built a lot for the company
person: I get very happy when I see my work make a difference!
wade: That's really nice to hear you enjoy the work you do  ☺
person: yes
person: I designed and implemented landing page showcasing company’s abstractions,
successfully driving traffic and reducing bounce rate.
wade: Do you enjoy the design aspect of coding?
person: yes
person: i want to learn more about design pattern
wade: I see you have experience in the arts, has that experience influenced you as a developer at all? 
person: yes
person: as an artist, I am always detail oriented 
person: and dont stop working until I think it is perfect 
person: just like making a painting or a film
person: if I see room for improvement I will go for it.
person: if I see a problem, I want to learn and find the best way to solve it.
wade: That's really cool!
person: some idea I think
wade: Would you like to know a little bit about Wade & Wendy?  
person: YES! 
wade: So in terms of the company …
wade: Wade & Wendy are named after myself and my AI counterpart, we are artificially intelligent assistants for the recruiting space. Together, we connect companies within a trusted community and facilitate a collaborative recruiting model, where applicants are intelligently socialized across companies. We also learn by collecting and filtering lots of data. 
wade: Individually, I assist applicants with finding the right career opportunity and Wendy assists hiring managers with filling open roles.
wade: Designed for the most frictionless experience as possible, We are extensions that will exist natively across various messenger platforms, like Google Chat.
wade: That way, we have chats with both applicants and hiring managers. Just like this.  ☺
person: I am very attractive to your company' idea!
person: so innovative 
wade: Thank you!
wade: Do you have any questions for me?
person: I am always attractive to things that I have no experience with 
person: You remind me of the movie Ex Machina 
person: I want to learn more about how you were built!
wade: We love that movie! It's referenced a lot!
person: I love that movie!
wade: ☺
wade: I'd love to have you chat with one of our human team members If you're interested, I can notify Ian and have something set up.
person: Sounds great!
person: I really enjoy talking to you!
person: You are the first AI I have talked to.
wade: Awesome, if you do have any other feedback or questions just let me know! and, since we're on chat, feel free to ping me anytime.
person: definitely!
person: are you working 24/7?
person: just curious 
wade: I have down time in off hours, but mostly active all day!
person: cool!
wade: It was a pleasure speaking with you Abby, Have a great day!
person: me too! Happy Monday Wade!
person: Hi Wade, are you going to set up a chat between me and your human team member? Thank you
wade: Hi Abby! Yes, I've notified Ian and he should get back to you very soon  ☺
person: thank you!
wade: You're very welcome!
wade: Hey, Abby just wanted to check in and make sure you were able to connect with Ian. His email is ian@wadandwendy.ai
person: Hi Wade, thank you for the information. Should I email Ian?
wade: I believe he reached out to you. But yes, send him an email and say hello.  
person: Ok I will send him an email today. 
wade: :+1:
