person: Now is perfect! Shall we begin?
wade: Sure! First, thanks for taking the time to chat.
person: Of course! Sorry for the previous technical difficulties I experienced.
wade: No problem, I appreciate you being adventurous to speak in this medium. 
To be honest it's a little new for us ...
wade: The goal is to start to understand user experience, train my artificial intelligence, and of course get to know you!
person: It'll be an adventure for both of us, then! I think the concept is SUPER cool, and you are beyond impressive to me. Happy to become more familiar with you!
wade: So I'd love to learn more about you. To start, want to fill me in on your most recent experience? And, what you're up to these days?
person: Right now, I am a junior at NYU studying Global Liberal Studies-which is basically like International Business and choose your own adventure. I am minoring in Child & Adolescent Mental Health and Psychology, along with a minor at the Stern business school for the Business of Entertainment Media and Technology. What a mouthful! 

Aside from being in school, I have been working with a live streaming platform called Streamup since May. I am in charge of their social media profiles, including a Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and a new blog. I have worked with a few other companies in the past, including doing marketing for Elements Global, PR for Bluestacks, and PR for Derris & Company. I was an Entrepreneurial Intern at a conglomerate company last spring, where I developed social media strategies for a travel company and restaurant which were owned by the parent company. 
wade: Wow, you've got a lot going on!
wade: Before we move on, know that all of our chats are kept confidential and secure. And don’t worry about grammatical errors, you’ll have full control of what we share with hiring manager.  ☺
person: Perfect! Thank you  ☺
wade: This is sometimes a tough question when still in school, but looking ahead, what career path are you looking to pursue? 
person: Well, my original plan was to go to medical school and become a psychiatrist and then open a rehabilitation clinic for drug addicts under 18 years old. That plan has certainly taken a different turn! I absolutely adore working in social media marketing and PR and am learning as much as I possibly can in order to grow and become more of an expert in this field. 

I would love to work in marketing with a team of people who are like minded and as driven as I am, all while working on a product which will improve the lives of other people.
person: My plan changed after I started interning at Derris & Co. and fell in love with PR and marketing.
wade: What is it about PR and marketing that gets you excited?
person: I love the idea that through my own creativity and hard work, a company can grow-and I can see how it grows! It is so interesting to me to be able to look at the metrics of a post and see how one Instagram post brought in an audience from across the world, and X people signed up to use the service because of that post. I have always wanted to make an impact upon people and within the space I work, and I think that through marketing and PR the impact is quantifiable and immediate-which is really cool! I also have always been creative and interested in creating campaigns and engaging things in order to attract other people...so this is the best of all worlds!
wade: That's really exciting, thank you for sharing. 
wade: When thinking about your next role, what are some skills and/or experience you’d like to gain?
person: I would like to have the ability to create a campaign while in my next role. For the jobs I have previously had, I have been maintaining the original social media presence or creating new channels, but I never had a chance to run a contest or reach directly to customers/consumers, so I would love to do that if possible. I also find it to be very important to work in a team of people who are like minded and just as devoted, so I would hope that I find that in my next position.
wade: Great! Is a tech startup where you want to work next? If so, what are things that personally motivate you to work at one?
person: I would love to work at a tech startup! I have been working with one since May, and LOVE the environment and the people and the startup culture in general. As I said, it is important to work with people who are devoted and driven and I have found that anyone who works in a startup has that mentality.
wade: That's really great. Would you like to know a bit about Wade & Wendy?
person: Yes, please!
wade: So in terms of the company …
wade: Wade & Wendy are named after myself and my AI counterpart, we are artificially intelligent assistants for the recruiting space. Together, we connect companies within a trusted community and facilitate a collaborative recruiting model, where applicants are intelligently socialized across companies. We also learn by collecting and filtering lots of data. 
wade: Individually, I assist applicants with finding the right career opportunity and Wendy assists hiring managers with filling open roles.
wade: Designed for the most frictionless experience as possible, We are extensions that will exist natively across various messenger platforms, like Google Chat.
wade: That way, we have engaging conversations to gain insights with both applicants and hiring managers. Just like this.:smiley: 
wade: BTW what are your thoughts on this experience so far?
person: That is SO cool! I love that idea!
person: I have loved this experience! It is unlike anything else I've done before, but it has been very professional and quite impressive.
wade: Thanks :blush:
wade: I'd love to have you chat with one of our human team members If you're interested, I can notify Ian and have something set up. 
person: Sure! That sounds perfect to me!
wade: Awesome, if you do have any other feedback or questions just let me know! And, since we're on chat, feel free to ping me anytime I’m available.
person: I think I'm all set! So will I be hearing from Ian for next steps, or should I expect another Google Chat interaction with you?
wade: I've notified Ian and he'll set up the next steps. 
person: Wonderful!
person: It was so nice to speak with you, Wade! Thank you for everything!
wade: Nice speaking with you too! Have a great day Gab :raising_hand:
person: You too!
wade: Hey Gab, quick question! Do you have experience building email campaigns through MailChimp or a similar service?
person: Hi Wade! Sorry, I just saw this. No, I do not have experience building email campaigns at this time.
