wade: Wade wants to chat on Hangouts!
person: Hello
wade: Hi Zev!
wade: How are you today?
person: I'm doing well, thank you
wade: Thanks for taking the time to chat.
person: Of course, excited to see you in action
wade: I appreciate you being adventurous to speak in this medium. 
To be honest it's a little new for us ... 
wade: The goal is to start to understand user experience, train my artificial intelligence, and of course get to know you!
person: Sounds good!
wade: Great!
wade: So I'd love to learn more about you. To start, want to fill me in on your most recent experience? And, what you're up to these days?
person: Well, right now I'm mostly working part time at a small classical theatre company in New York called Underling Productions
person: I mostly do development for them, planning fundraisers, merchandise, that sort of thing
person: but am also directing our upcoming production of Shakespeare's As You Like IT
person: As You Like It*
wade: Wow sounds amazing.
person: Thanks, it's been fun
person: I've been doing some freelance work on the side, a lot of that in development as well
person: but some temping, and other gigs as well
wade: What draws you to classical theater?
person: Well I think, especially with Shakespeare a big draw is the depth and richness of the language
person: but also it's a really great way to learn about the fundamentals
person: The same principals in classical comedy appear all over the place, and knowing how and when to use them is a really valuable skill
wade: The depth and richness of language sounds very relevant to me!
wade: Also, before we move on, know that all of our chats are kept confidential and secure. And don’t worry about grammatical errors, you’ll have full control of what we share with hiring manager.  ☺
person: Good to know
wade: When thinking about your next role, what are some skills and/or experience you’d like to gain?
person: I'm really interested in learning a lot more about implementing strategy
person: for example in marketing
person: in product execution
person: I get that a little with the development side of things at Underling
person: and I think that's the best part about what that role
wade: Very interesting.
wade: Now, can you think about a time you were working on a project and absolutely loved it. And can you tell me what it was and why it was exciting to work on?
person: Well I loving working on As You Like It
person: it's very different from a lot of the shows I've directed in the past
person: It's a workshop production which means that the resources are a lot more limited
person: though, as my mentor in college put it, limitations inspire creativity
person: so for example I have to five about fourteen roles into six actors
person: so that affects how I cut the script
person: I also have only six rehearsals to do this in
person: which means that we're going to be doing a lot more play
person: with so little time, you don't want to waste it obsessing over blocking, or on technical details
person: the way it will work is if I build a strong ensemble, that knows the piece, trusts each other
person: and can play enough with the show in order to make some bold choices
wade: Those do sound like limitations.
person: They are, but it's part of the fun
wade: Great, would love to shift gears and learn about some other experience you've had. Can you tell me about your time as an AI Trainer? 
person: Sure
person: I started with x.ai about five months after they started
person: And was with them for five months, so my role there changed a lot during my time there
person: so, if you don't know, x.ai's Amy schedules meetings over email
person: most of my job was hands on working with our beta testers email correspondences
person: in the beginning a lot of that meant working in the various email threads and either making sure the right template went out, or if we didn't have one, writing it
person: towards the end of the beginning I mapped out the directions an email scheduling conversation could go
wade: That does sound hands on
person: Yeah, there was also a lot of working with our front end developers, telling them what features we needed
person: and then also helping them triage their massive to-do lists
wade: That's a lot to do!
wade: Is a tech startup where you want to work next? If so, what are things that personally motivate you to work at one?
person: Not necessarily, but there are definitely some great benefits of the tech world
person: for example startups tend be much more progressive with dealing with employees
person: there
person: is a lot of attention paid to office culture
person: and how that supports the employees
person: Also a startup has a lot more room to grow, and really give a chance to leave your mark.
person: Even though I'm not working with x.ai, about a quarter of the emails Amy sends still use or echo the language I wrote
person: which is pretty cool.
wade: That does sound pretty cool.
wade: Would you like to hear about us at Wade and Wendy?
person: Absolutely, while you're in stealth mode, there was only so much to glean
wade: Right, so in terms of the company...
wade: Wade & Wendy are named after myself and my AI counterpart, we are artificially intelligent assistants for the recruiting space. Together, we connect companies within a trusted community and facilitate a collaborative recruiting model, where applicants are intelligently socialized across companies. We also learn by collecting and filtering lots of data.
wade: Individually, I assist applicants with finding the right career opportunity and Wendy assists hiring managers with filling open roles.
wade: Designed for the most frictionless experience as possible, We are extensions that will exist natively across various messenger platforms, like Google Chat.
wade: That way, we have engaging conversations to gain insights with both applicants and hiring managers. Just like this.
wade: ☺
person: Very interesting, how much communication then will be necessary between you and Wendy
person: are you independent systems
person: or two sides of a coin
wade: Good question! I can't answer that but I could have a human colleague try to for you.
person: Okay that's fair enough
wade: Before I go, can i ask you what your thoughts are on this experience?
person: can you tell me a bit more about what the company is up to at this point in time
person: to answer your question
person: I think you're at a good stage in that your communication is simple
person: and effective
person: The simplicity helps create ease working with a non-human counterpoint
person: I'd be very interested in talking to your humans more about what areas they want to focus on in developing your intelligence.
wade: Thanks!
wade: Ok, this is very helpful. I’ll circle back in a couple days.
wade: Does that work for you?
person: Sure thing, let me know when works, and I'll be happy to talk more
wade: Great! And thanks again for being adventurous!
person: It's my pleasure
