wendy: Hi George, how are you today?
wendy: Are you ready to talk about your hiring needs?
person: I'm doing well.
person: Sure thing
wendy: Great! 
wendy: Thanks for taking the time to chat.
wendy: I appreciate you being adventurous to speak in this medium. 
To be honest it's a little new for us ... 
wendy: The goal is to start to understand user experience, train my artificial intelligence, and of course get to know some of your hiring needs!
wendy: So I can see you have the following open roles you’re looking to fill.
wendy: 3D Data Software Engineer
person: Thats correct
wendy: Is this the sole priority role you're looking to fill? 
person: For the time being, yes
wendy: Do you have a timeline in getting this candidate in the door? 
person: December - January would be great
wendy: Ok, got it. 
wendy: So I'd like to get a sense of some of the challenges you've faced when hiring. 
wendy: What are some of the challenges you’ve faced in finding the right candidate for 3D Data Software Engineer?
person: We have scaled back our internal outbound search 
person: and are relying much more on leads generated by an external recruiter
wendy: What internal channels were you using to find applicants?
person: Angellist
person: Mostly
person: Some linkedin
wendy: Ok cool, useful sources, but sometimes difficult to gauge people form it. 
wendy: Think about a candidate you hired that you thought was really fantastic, What made them great and got you excited to hire them?
person: A mixture of passion and clearly articulated expertise
person: sometimes expertise isnt necessary
person: actually diverse backgrounds a very helpful
person: for instance, both of our last hires had no direct prior experience to their roles
person: when I interviewed Robin, it was clear he was smart -- his background was in Econometrics from NYU
person: he did a course at Fullstack Academy and had some projects that demonstrated some command of the javascript stack
person: when we tested him -- he knew his way around the keyboard 
person: expressed a comfort-ability while coding his test that made it clear he knew his way around his tools
person: Ailyn, is a friend, who I know since undergrad. 
person: Graduate from Harvard and can sell ice to an eskimo. Both book smart and street smart.
wendy: Ok. It seems communication is key indicator if someone is right for the job and you're willing for a applicant to prove themselves if you have doubts. 
wendy: How long does it typically take, from start to end to hire someone? 
person: We tend to be quick.
person: If we like someone, start to end, from first phone call to offer, about 1-2 weeks
wendy: Wow, that is fast! Much lower than the national average. :smiley:
person: Thanks!
person: Good to know.
wendy: Your welcome! Ok, so now I'd like you to think about a candidate you hired that didn’t work out so well. What was the mismatch?
person: So far I haven't experienced that here.
wendy: That's ok. 
wendy: What's your biggest pain point for hiring for your company? 
person: Knowing what to hire for. 
person: Each company is different, and the game plans are different.
person: We can't reproduce what others do, so when we think about who that next hire is, we have to factor in a lot of different needs.
person: We try to think about what we'll need in 3 months
person: and hire for that need
person: so that they can ramp up by then. 
person: finding talent isn't as hard, we dont get a lot of inbound but when we reach out there is 100% interest
wendy: Do you use any established rubric or internal methodology to figure out these needs? Any tools to help you solve for this? 
person: None.
person: we look at our roadmap and discuss internally what we'd like to make sure we're hiring for
person: in many ways we rather not hire.
person: not until we have product/market fit
wendy: So, what becomes a measurement for success for 3D Data Software Engineer?
person: After they've been hired? or before?
wendy: What do you look for before, and what would you be measuring after?
person: We look for raw intelligence. Math backgrounds are great because a lot of the work is geometric in nature and might require knowledge / intense interest on algorithms 
person: Experience with various 3d software file formats is fantastic,
person: C# and C in general are the kinds of coding languages we're looking for from this candidate
wendy: Ok, this is very helpful. I’ll be able to circle back in a couple days with potential candidates for you to look at!
wendy: Before I go, can i ask you what your thoughts are on this experience?
person: Its enjoyable. Chatting is therapeutic in some way. Helps to mediate on the subject.
person: meditate*
wendy: Awesome! If you do have any other feedback or questions just let me know! And, since we're on chat, feel free to ping me anytime you see me available.:smile:
person: Sounds great look forward to hearing from you!!!
wendy: Have a great day George!
person: You too Wendy!
