wade: Wade wants to chat on Hangouts!
person: Hey Wade. 
wade: Hi Mike, how are you today?
person: Doing well, sir. And yourself?
wade: Very well, thank you. And thanks for taking the time to chat.
person: No prob. Let's get started. 
wade: I appreciate you being adventurous to speak in this medium. 
To be honest it's a little new for us ...
wade: The goal is to start to understand user experience, train my artificial intelligence, and of course get to know you!
person: I'm happy to help, Wade. 
wade: So I'd love to learn more about you. To start, want to fill me in on your most recent experience? And, what you're up to these days?
person: Recently, I launched a web application that allows surfers to create a custom surfboard fin online based on performance characteristics. I've also been acting as a consultant at a digital design and fabrication firm. 
wade: Very cool, I see you started BoardLab 1 year 1 month ago. What made you jump into Founder from Associate / Designer?
person: I left the Associate position to pursue BoardLab initially as a passion project, but it soon became a vehicle to gain entrepreneurial  experience and use my design skills in a 3D web format
wade: Great! Before we move on, know that all of our chats are kept confidential and secure. And don’t worry about grammatical errors, you’ll have full control of what we share with hiring manager :smiley:
person: Sounds good. Thanks
wade: Looking ahead, Is Design or Business Development, a path you would like to continue to pursue?
person: Definitely design. I enjoy Business Development but I think I would be better suited as a project manager or product manager
wade: Ok, got it. Think about a time you were working on a project and absolutely loved it. Can you tell me what it was and why it was exciting to work on? 
person: In 2012, I worked on a interactive kiosk for intel's release of the ultrabook. we designed 2 variations and built 6 which were installed all over the globe, including london, hong kong, and paris. It was really fulfilling seeing a project go from an idea to reality. i was able to collaborate with some really smart people, design and interactive environment, figure out how to fabricate it and then install it. 
wade: Sounds like a fantastic project! How many people did you work with building this?
person: Managing the collaborations between each team was intense but really exciting. I had to udnerstand what each team brought to the table and coordiante how we could work together to achieve a common goal
person: There was a team of 5 designers, a team of 4 electrical engineers, another team of about 5 fabrication consultants as well as 2 reps - one from VICE, one from Intel
wade: Were you acting product manager on the build?
person: I acted as design manager - coordinating between our design team, the fab team and the engineers.
wade: Great, would love to shift gears and learn about some functional skills.
person: Shoot
wade: What is your preferred product development process?
person: I have experience in both waterfall and agile management proceses. I prefer agile management because it seems that you can accomplish tasks quickly with less time-consuming oversight but i like to choose based on the team and the project. 
wade: Before a project begins, how do you begin the process and organize what the team goals are?
person: Usually, myself and a team member will sit with a client and try to understand their goals for the project and list them out formally which we then get approved by the client. Tasks are then divided into cateorgories in consecutive order of deliverables. For example -  concept, design development, iteration, final deliverables. Each of these categories are broken down and delegated based on who bests fits the task at hand. in a web product situation, I typically will outline what our typical or target customer is based on market research and customer discovery. Next, I derive project goals based on the needs of that user. Each goal is then broken up into general tasks which are organized based on how we will deliver that task. Asking myself Is it design? Back end? Front end? etc. Each general task is then divided up into more detailed, actionable tasks that get rated and delegated based on a person's role.  
wade: Would you consider yourself more of a technical PM or more of a UX focused PM?
person: I would say UX focused PM
wade: In regards to UI/UX are you able to critique design and give direction?
person: Yes, in fact that was my main role as Associate at Mark Foster Gage Architects. I provided critiques and direction to a team of 8 designers. 
wade: Awesome, valuable skill for sure!  ☺
wade: Are you able to develop wireframes, create detailed annotations, and develop clickable prototypes?
person: Yes, I've developed wire frames in classic design software like adobe Illustrator but have also recently used sketch coupled with invision to create clickable protoypes. 
wade: Great!
wade: So, when thinking about your next role, what skills and/or experience you do you not yet have but want to gain? 
person: I'd like to learn more about product strategy. Mainly, how to create a succesfull product based on how a company brings it to its users and effedtive marketing 
wade: Is a tech startup where you want to work next? 
person: I would definitely be open to a design-driven tech startup. Early stage. 
wade: What are things that personally motivate you to work at a startup?
person: I get really excited about creating new products and experiences for people that have a lasting impact on how they interact with each other or the product. Taking an idea and figuring out how to build it then releasing it to the world is very fulfilling. It's what drives me to keep on creating and designing. 
wade: Ok, this is very helpful. I’ll circle back in a couple days with potential opportunities for you to look at! :smiley: 
wade: Before I go, can i ask you what your thoughts are on this experience?
person: Thanks Wade. I may want to edit some of my answers for grammatical and sentence structure errors. Will you let me know how to do that?
wade: Of course! 
person: Thanks, talk soon
wade: This conversation will enter our database and be parsed for relevant data points. 
wade: What we do with that data is compare it across roles within a community of companies and open roles, to find the most relevant opportunities for you. 
wade: Now that we've met, I will be able to re-engage with you to find out specific data points that may apply to these open roles. 
person: Very interesting. Thanks Wade! It was a pleasure. 
wade: Awesome, if you do have any other feedback or questions just let me know! And, since we're on chat, feel free to ping me anytime I’m available.
person: Will do. :+1:
