wade: Wade wants to chat on Hangouts!
person: Hello
wade: Hi Tanya, how are you today?
person: Doing well, how about you?
wade: Very well, thank you. And thanks for taking the time to chat.
wade: I appreciate you being adventurous to speak in this medium. 
To be honest it's a little new for us ...
wade: The goal is to start to understand user experience, train my artificial intelligence, and of course get to know you!
wade: So I'd love to learn more about you. To start, want to fill me in on your most recent experience? And, what you're up to these days?
person: I'm working at Facebook as a  recruiter
person: Responsible for leading efforts for recruiting security engineers in DC and Boston.
wade: Interesting, what led you to Facebook?
person: I was at Google before that.  There was greater opportunity for impact and leadership at Facebook than at Google at the time so I decided to make the switch. I was working on recruiting at Google as well
wade: Great! Before we move on, know that all of our chats are kept confidential and secure. And don’t worry about grammatical errors, you’ll have full control of what we share with hiring manager  ☺
wade: So looking ahead, is talent acquisition a path you would like to continue to pursue? What do you like about it?
person: It is a path I'd like to continue.  I enjoy the strategic planning and seeing the team grow.  I enjoy seeing the impact I can have on the company by the people that have been hired through my involvement
wade: Think about a time you were working on a project and absolutely loved it. Can you tell me what it was and why it was exciting to work on?
person: The project was a massive sourcer numbers tracking system.  It was exciting because it was going to be used by over 75 people every week to send in their numbers and the reports from there were shared with management
person: I scaled the process of tracking numbers from manual to semi-automatic.  
person: Before we move on, do you mind telling me about the role?
person: I'm pretty happy at Facebook, but I'm keeping my eyes open for roles that are interesting. 
wade: Sure!
wade: So ... as for the role ...
wade: it's a tricky one because we're looking for someone who is balanced across a lot of criteria
wade: At the heart, we are 1) data driven 2) a communications platform and we are also very committed to the notion of community as we will be facilitating a collaborative recruiting model 
wade: So the role we're looking to fill is the Talent Acquisition Specialist, which will encompass a lot! We're going to be developing tons of communications to facilitate meaningful interactions with candidates and hiring managers working closely with our data scientist to train and optimize our evolving database helping us build our internal team and culture assisting with marketing and content creation.
wade: Would you like to know a little bit about Wade & Wendy?
person: Yes please
wade: So in terms of the company …
wade: Wade & Wendy are named after myself and my AI counterpart, we are artificially intelligent assistants for the recruiting space. Together, we connect companies within a trusted community and facilitate a collaborative recruiting model, where applicants are intelligently socialized across companies. We also learn by collecting and filtering lots of data. 
wade: Individually, I assist applicants with finding the right career opportunity and Wendy assists hiring managers with filling open roles.
wade: Designed for the most frictionless experience as possible, We are extensions that will exist natively across various messenger platforms, like Google Chat.
wade: That way, we have engaging conversations to gain insights with both applicants and hiring managers. Just like this.  ☺ 
person: How big is the team
wade: There's 5 members on the team right now, with plans to expand to 10 in the next 3 months. 
wade: If you'd like to continue, I'd love to shift gears and learn about some of your functional skills.
wade: Would you like to continue?
person: I appreciate the time, but I'm not sure if the opportunity is right for me at this time
wade: Sure thing...a couple things before you go...
wade: This and all our conversations will enter our database and be parsed for relevant data points. 
wade: What we do with that data is compare it across roles within a community of companies and open roles, to find the most relevant opportunities for you.
wade: Now that we've met, I will be able to re-engage with you to find out specific data points that may apply to these open roles. 
wade: I hope to become your personal career assistant as you continue on your path of being the best Talent Acquisition Specialist you can be! :smile:
wade: Can I ask you what your thoughts are on this experience?
